About
=====

The nanoslideshow is a small HTML5 (HTML, CSS, JavaScript) program
that loads images and creates a web-page slide show of them with low
overhead and no third party dependencies.

Files
=====

nanoslideshow.css	internal and external CSS styles
nanoslideshow.js	JavaScript code

Use
===

In order to create a slide show for a web-page, one does include style
link to HTML HEAD and configuration variable and its configuration
object and a script link to HTML BODY.

Configuration
=============

Please read the source of index.html under test directory for an
example how to insert and configure the slide show. Please feel free
to experiment with the test.

In the index.html file, the inserted code is between two HTML comment
lines "nanoslideshow start/end". The property names of an object
assigned to configuration variable are self-explanatory or,
additionally, commented.

Required properties are:
ANIMATION_FPS		how many frames per second should be drawn on change
ANIMATION_TIME		how long change of two slides should take
AUTO_PLAY_INTERVAL	time between two slides (stops on user interaction)
WIDTH			slide show view-port width
HEIGHT			slide show view-port height
SELECTORS_POSITION	corner to place slide change information and controls
FIT_SMALLER		whether to fit smaller sized slide to view-port
SLIDES			path-names to slide files to show

Please note that CSS properties may be changed in nanoslideshow.css,
in separate CSS, or in HTML of a web-page through STYLE element or as
JavaScript object within the aforementioned configuration variable
(example of the latter is given in test/index.html).

Development
===========

The source code of the program is the development version: it loads
lots of global identifiers, which are likely to conflict with any
other identifiers present on a web-page, and it has JavaScript code
that outputs various information to the web browser console.

Production
==========

To prepare the production version of the program, one needs to remove
everything between the two comment "//DEV//" (without double-quotes)
lines (and including them).

To do the removal conveniently, one may use Perl script at:
https://github.com/dntsklm/remove_dev_pairs

After removal of "//DEV//" lines, the JavaScript code is wrapped into
a closure and the only global identifier added is the configuration
one, which is unlikely to conflict with any other identifier present
on a web-page.

Web-browsers
============

Old web-browsers, especially proprietary IE8 and below, are not
supported. Virtually everything else more modern than that
web-browser, should work.

Copyright
=========

Copyright © 2014 Donatas Klimašauskas

License
=======

This program is free software. Its GPLv3+ license is at the COPYING file.
